Update doc for dynamic parameters supporting array (#16660)
apache/druid: docs/querying/sql.md

```
SELECT * FROM druid.foo WHERE dim1 like CONCAT('%', CAST (? AS VARCHAR), '%')
```

Arrays can also be passed as dynamic parameters.

for example:
```json
{
    "query": "SELECT doubleArrayColumn from druid.table where ARRAY_CONTAINS(?, doubleArrayColumn)",

>     "Parameters":[

Reviewer: JSON field names are case-sensitive. Same comment in the other occurrence.

```suggestion
    "parameters":[
```

>     "parameters":[

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "parameters": [
```

      {"type":"ARRAY", "value":[-25.7, null, 36.85]}
    ]
}

> ```

Reviewer 3: I feel like this is `sql-api` specific so it shouldn't it be inside `../api-reference/sql-api.md` ?

Author: made these simple sql queries and provided the example parameters inside `sql-api.md`

Also, an IN filter being supplied with a lot of values, can be replaced by a dynamic parameter passed inside [SCALAR_IN_ARRAY](sql-functions.md#scalar_in_array)
```json
{
    "query": "SELECT count(city) from druid.table where SCALAR_IN_ARRAY(city, ?)",

>     "parameters":[

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "parameters": [
```

      {"type":"ARRAY", "value":["Vienna", "Seoul", "San Francisco"]}
    ]
}

> ```

Reviewer 3: I've played with similar things for jdbc api earlier; it seemed a bit harder to use it from there
should we include those in `sql-api.md`?

```java

import com.google.common.base.Joiner;
import com.google.common.collect.ImmutableList;
import org.apache.calcite.avatica.ColumnMetaData;
import org.apache.calcite.avatica.SqlType;
import org.apache.calcite.avatica.ColumnMetaData.AvaticaType;
import org.apache.calcite.avatica.ColumnMetaData.Rep;
import org.apache.calcite.avatica.util.ArrayFactoryImpl;
import org.junit.jupiter.api.Test;

import java.sql.Array;
import java.sql.Connection;
import java.sql.DriverManager;
import java.sql.PreparedStatement;
import java.sql.ResultSet;
import java.sql.SQLException;
import java.sql.Types;
import java.util.List;
import java.util.TimeZone;

public class Asd
{
  @Test
  public void scalarInArrayWithStringToArray() throws SQLException
  {
    String connectionURL = "druidtest:///";
    Connection connection = DriverManager.getConnection(connectionURL);
    PreparedStatement stmt = connection
        .prepareStatement("select l1 from numfoo where SCALAR_IN_ARRAY(l1, STRING_TO_ARRAY(CAST(? as varchar),','))");
    List<Integer> li = ImmutableList.of(0, 7);
    String sqlArg = Joiner.on(",").join(li);
    stmt.setString(1, sqlArg);
    stmt.executeQuery();
    ResultSet rs = stmt.getResultSet();
    while (rs.next()) {
      System.out.println(rs.getObject(1));
    }
  }

  @Test
  public void scalarInArrayNativeArray() throws SQLException
  {
    String connectionURL = "druidtest:///";
    Connection connection = DriverManager.getConnection(connectionURL);
    PreparedStatement stmt = connection.prepareStatement("select l1 from numfoo where SCALAR_IN_ARRAY(l1, ?)");
    Iterable<Object> li = ImmutableList.of(0, 7);
    ArrayFactoryImpl a = new ArrayFactoryImpl(TimeZone.getDefault());
    org.apache.calcite.avatica.proto.Common.AvaticaType proto;
    AvaticaType type = ColumnMetaData.scalar(Types.INTEGER, SqlType.INTEGER.name(), Rep.INTEGER);
    Array arr = a.createArray(type, li);
    stmt.setArray(1, arr);
    stmt.executeQuery();
    ResultSet rs = stmt.getResultSet();
    while (rs.next()) {
      System.out.println(rs.getObject(1));
    }
  }
}
```

Author: sample code added to `sql-jdbc.md`

```
SELECT * FROM druid.foo WHERE dim1 like CONCAT('%', CAST (? AS VARCHAR), '%')
```

> With the support of dynamic parameters being extended to arrays, an array with a huge number of entries can be

Author: It sounds the same for me after you pointing out. It was done as part of Druid 30. will remove `being` from the line. Thanks!

> With the support of dynamic parameters extended to arrays, an array with a huge number of entries can be
> programmatically supplied through a parameter.

Reviewer 4: its phrased as an announcement (ok for release notes but not for the docs). 
```suggestion
Arrays can also be passed as dynamic parameters. 
```
